Models in statistical physics often give rise to "line ensembles". For example, the classical Solid-on-Solid model seeks to study the interface between two solids. More specifically, it studies the interface (between the two spins) in a magnet whose, say, bottom surface is magnetized to be spin "down", and rest of the magnet is spin "up" (this is not representative of the actual physics of the system, the true interpretation and model comes from quantum mechanical considerations). Many important quantities of interest may then be examined by understanding the "level curves" of this object -- which are curves on this surface passing through areas which are at a given height from the equilibrium height of the interface. The local behavior of these curves is of great interest, and suitable probabilistic objects have been defined which capture that behavior. The _area-tilted line ensemble_ arises out of these considerations, and is an infinite family of random curves (called "lines"), ordered one below the other, all above the x-axis. Think of each such line as one level curve, scaled appropriately. 

To elaborate further, this ensemble is specified in terms of its "finite domain marginals". The so-called "area-tilted Brownian Gibbs" property prescribes this behavior and is a consequence of the Solid-on-Solid origins of this model. It is known that this ensemble is a well-defined mathematical object (nothing blows up or vanishes under the scaling operations performed to reach it). Until now, only one ensemble was known which satisfied the said Gibbs property. In this paper, we succeed in finding _all of them_. Perhaps surprisingly, there is an infinite family of such ensembles (yes, an infinite family of families of infinitely many lines) parametrized by two numbers $L, R$ (representing left and right "rates of growth") such that their sum is $L + R < 0$. The original ensemble corresponds to $L = R = -\infty$. 