A [graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_(discrete_mathematics)) is a mathematical object used to describe relationships between things. Since real-world graphs are very complex, it is often of interest to understand the nature of _random_ graphs. The most famous model of random graphs is the celebrated [Erdős–Rényi model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erd%C5%91s%E2%80%93R%C3%A9nyi_model), which is created by taking $n$ vertices, and joining each pair with probability $p$ independently - let $G$ be such a random graph. Think of this as $n$ people, and any two people know each other with probability $p$ independently of the others. For $p = 0.1$ say, each vertex is connected to $0.1 n$ many other vertices on average, which is a huge number. Many applications require this average _degree_, i.e., the number of other vertices a given vertex is connected to, to be constant, say 5. A moment's thought then reveals that one may seek to emulate this behavior by _modifying $p$ with $n$_, precisely by choosing something like $p = 5/n$. This is a so-called _sparse_ Erdős–Rényi graph.

Several basic questions can be asked about this model. Among them, of enormous importance is the notion of _subgraph count_. For example, I can ask "How many triangles are there in this graph?" by which I mean "How many groups of 3 people A, B, C are there such that all of them know each other?". Our understanding of how exactly this count behaves (on a very precise level) was actually open until very recently. But as one may imagine, it is possible to ask this question for _any configuration_, say the count of _four people_ A, B, C, D forming a "square". In this spirit, this paper provides a generalization of the recent triangle result, extending it to _every possible "regular" subgraph_, which is every configuration where each person knows the same number of people among the rest (the square example is one such - everyone knows 2 others in the group).